Why is it you again?
What about Lin Xi? I want to see Lin Xi.
I've told you many times.
Recovering illness abroad, not at home
You speak so quietly
Shouldn't it be while the master is not at home?
What are you doing?
Lin Xi Lin Xi
Enron, let him in
Enron
Lin Xi, I have been here many times
Your nanny keeps saying you're not there
I don't know what's wrong with Ann
An Ran quarreled and saw his wife, come back soon
Ah, every time Miss Enron came before
You are sleeping
I didn't let her in because I was afraid it would affect your rest.
You are so kind to me.
Come on.
Oh yes ma'am
Didn't you just say you were hungry?
I'll go make you something to eat
By the way, prepare for Miss Enron
Who were you messaging just now?
Yes, sweetie
Who are you messaging?
Madam, I am
Enron is here